README.md, before:

# PythonEquipmentDrivers
The purpose of this module is to provide a collection of classes for controlling various electronics laboratory instruments.
The library of supported devices is categorized into 8 sub-categories that are accessed as sub-modules:
* Voltage Sources (`pythonequipmentdrivers.source`)
* Electronic Loads (`pythonequipmentdrivers.sink`)
* Multimeters (`pythonequipmentdrivers.multimeter`)
* Oscilloscopes (`pythonequipmentdrivers.oscilloscope`)
* Function Generators (`pythonequipmentdrivers.functiongenerator`)
* Power Meters/Analyzers (`pythonequipmentdrivers.powermeter`)
* Network Analyzers (`pythonequipmentdrivers.networkanalyzer`)
* Temperature Controllers (`pythonequipmentdrivers.temperaturecontroller`)

### Installation
This library utilizes the NI-VISA (or compatible) hardware drivers, this should be installed prior to using this libray.
To install this module download or clone this repository and run the contained `setup.py` script in this directory with the arguement "install" in a command prompt window:
`C:\\{path_to_python}\python.exe setup.py install`

For additional help with installation help you can contact the module author Anna Giasson (agiasson@vicr.com)

### Examples
To create a connection to an instrument supported by this library it's respective class needs to be instantiated with the address of the instrument you wish to control.
For example, to control a Chroma 62012P voltage source on a GPIB interface at address 14:
```python
import pythonequipmentdrivers as ped
source = ped.source.Chroma_62000P('GPIB0::14::INSTR')
```
With this instance, various features of the instrument can be access through its methods.
```python
source.set_voltage(48)
print(source.measure_voltage())
# 47.98645785
```
PythonEquipmentDrivers comes with a built in utility for identifing (most) connected instruments if the addresses are not known.
```python
import pythonequipmentdrivers as ped
ped.identify_visa_resources()
```
By instantiating multiple instruments simple tests can be scripted to automatically log data for a "device under test" (DUT)
Here is an example test which measures the efficiency of a power converter over multiple operating points and logs the resulting data to file:
```python
import pythonequipmentdrivers as ped
from time import sleep

# connect to equipment
source = ped.source.Chroma_62000P('GPIB0::14::INSTR')
v_in_meter = ped.multimeter.Keysight_34461A('USB0::0x2A8D::0x1301::MY59026778::INSTR')
v_out_meter = ped.multimeter.Keysight_34461A('USB0::0x2A8D::0x1301::MY59026586::INSTR')
sink = ped.sink.Chroma_63206A('GPIB0::3::INSTR')

# initialize
source.set_voltage(0)
source.off()
source.set_current(10)

sink.off()
sink.set_mode('CC')
sink.set_current(0)

v_in_meter.set_mode('VDC')
v_out_meter.set_mode('VDC')

# conditions to test
v_in_conditions = (40, 48, 54, 60)
i_out_conditions = range(0, 120+1, 10)
measure_delay = 0.5
cooldown_delay = 5
data_file_name = 'C:\\top_sneaky\\my_first_test.csv'

# run test
data = [['v_in_set', 'i_out_set', 'v_in', 'i_in', 'v_out', 'i_out', 'efficiency']]
source.on()
sink.on()
for v_in_set in v_in_conditions:
    source.set_voltage(v_in_set)
    for i_out_set in i_out_conditions:
        print(f'Testing V_in = {v_in_set} V, I_out = {i_out_set} A')
        sink.set_current(i_out_set)
        sleep(measure_delay)
        datum = [v_in_set,
                 i_out_set,
                 v_in_meter.measure_voltage(),
                 source.measure_current(),
                 v_out_meter.measure_voltage(),
                 sink.measure_current()]

        sink.set_current(0)

        # calculations
        eff = (datum[4]*datum[5])/(datum[2]*datum[3])
        # add to data
        datum.append(eff)
        data.append(datum)

        sleep(cooldown_delay) # cool down unit

# shutdown test setup
print('Test complete!')
source.set_voltage(0)
source.off()
sink.set_current(0)
sink.off()

# log data
with open(data_file_name, "w") as file:
    for row in data:
        print(*row, sep=',', end='\n')
print(f'data saved to: {data_file_name}')
```

See the examples folder within this repository for additional examples.

Commit message:

Packaging updates (#18)
* Add .vscode dir to .gitignore

* packaging updates
contents of setup.py moved to pyproject.toml to be consistent with PEP 621
setup.py preserved to enable old style installation method
package contents moved to src folder

* Added basis for automated testing

tox.ini added with a single test that just checks if the package can be imported

* Added isort (import sort) to tox.ini and fixed resulting circular import errors

* Added black format to tox.ini and ran with test passing

* Add alraedy existing tests for AttrDict

* Fixed HP_44401A self.factor missing bug

fetch_data did not apply self.factor to the result

* Reverted package layout to remove src directory

Addition of src may hurt backward compatibility depending on how the package is being used
pyproject.toml was updated to reflect this, tox tests pass after update

* Readme installation instructions updated

Also additional example test added

* Package version number updated to 2.3.0

* Updated package minimum Python version to 3.9

Prior Python versions do not support type hints used that are currently being used
Added Python 3.9 to tox test enviroments

* Rename __inti__.py to __init__.py

Fixed typo in file name

* Update README.md to add Contributing section

Added Contributing section with info about how to install and use tox to test and format the package

README.md, after:

# PythonEquipmentDrivers
The purpose of this module is to provide a collection of classes for controlling various electronics laboratory instruments.
The library of supported devices is categorized into 8 sub-categories that are accessed as sub-modules:
* Voltage Sources (`pythonequipmentdrivers.source`)
* Electronic Loads (`pythonequipmentdrivers.sink`)
* Multimeters (`pythonequipmentdrivers.multimeter`)
* Oscilloscopes (`pythonequipmentdrivers.oscilloscope`)
* Function Generators (`pythonequipmentdrivers.functiongenerator`)
* Power Meters/Analyzers (`pythonequipmentdrivers.powermeter`)
* Network Analyzers (`pythonequipmentdrivers.networkanalyzer`)
* Temperature Controllers (`pythonequipmentdrivers.temperaturecontroller`)

### Installation
This library utilizes the NI-VISA (or compatible) hardware drivers, this should be installed prior to using this libray.
To install this module download or clone this repository and install using pip with 
`pip install .` or
`C:\\{path_to_python}\python.exe -m pip install .` if multiple Python installations exist.

Additionally the package can be installed in development mode with the `-e/--editable` flag e.g `pip install -e .` More details on development mode can be found at https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/development_mode.html 

For additional help with installation help you can contact the module author Anna Giasson (AnnaGraceGiasson@GMail.com)

### Examples
To create a connection to an instrument supported by this library it's respective class needs to be instantiated with the address of the instrument you wish to control.
For example, to control a Chroma 62012P voltage source on a GPIB interface at address 14:
```python
import pythonequipmentdrivers as ped
source = ped.source.Chroma_62000P('GPIB0::14::INSTR')
```
With this instance, various features of the instrument can be access through its methods.
```python
source.set_voltage(48)
print(source.measure_voltage())
# 47.98645785
```
PythonEquipmentDrivers comes with a built in utility for identifing (most) connected instruments if the addresses are not known.
```python
import pythonequipmentdrivers as ped
ped.identify_visa_resources()
```
By instantiating multiple instruments simple tests can be scripted to automatically log data for a "device under test" (DUT)
Here is an example test which measures the efficiency of a power converter over multiple operating points and logs the resulting data to file:
```python
import pythonequipmentdrivers as ped
from time import sleep

# connect to equipment
source = ped.source.Chroma_62000P('GPIB0::14::INSTR')
v_in_meter = ped.multimeter.Keysight_34461A('USB0::0x2A8D::0x1301::MY59026778::INSTR')
v_out_meter = ped.multimeter.Keysight_34461A('USB0::0x2A8D::0x1301::MY59026586::INSTR')
sink = ped.sink.Chroma_63206A('GPIB0::3::INSTR')

# initialize
source.set_voltage(0)
source.off()
source.set_current(10)

sink.off()
sink.set_mode('CC')
sink.set_current(0)

v_in_meter.set_mode('VDC')
v_out_meter.set_mode('VDC')

# conditions to test
v_in_conditions = (40, 48, 54, 60)
i_out_conditions = range(0, 120+1, 10)
measure_delay = 0.5
cooldown_delay = 5
data_file_name = 'C:\\top_sneaky\\my_first_test.csv'

# run test
data = [['v_in_set', 'i_out_set', 'v_in', 'i_in', 'v_out', 'i_out', 'efficiency']]
source.on()
sink.on()
for v_in_set in v_in_conditions:
    source.set_voltage(v_in_set)
    for i_out_set in i_out_conditions:
        print(f'Testing V_in = {v_in_set} V, I_out = {i_out_set} A')
        sink.set_current(i_out_set)
        sleep(measure_delay)
        datum = [v_in_set,
                 i_out_set,
                 v_in_meter.measure_voltage(),
                 source.measure_current(),
                 v_out_meter.measure_voltage(),
                 sink.measure_current()]

        sink.set_current(0)

        # calculations
        eff = (datum[4]*datum[5])/(datum[2]*datum[3])
        # add to data
        datum.append(eff)
        data.append(datum)

        sleep(cooldown_delay) # cool down unit

# shutdown test setup
print('Test complete!')
source.set_voltage(0)
source.off()
sink.set_current(0)
sink.off()

# log data
with open(data_file_name, "w") as file:
    for row in data:
        print(*row, sep=',', end='\n')
print(f'data saved to: {data_file_name}')
```

See the examples folder within this repository for additional examples.

### Contributing

The tox package is utilized to automate formatting and testing for this project. Getting started with tox couldn't be easier:

Install the tox python package using pip:

`pip install tox` or `C:\\{path_to_python}\python.exe -m pip install tox`

Then in the PythonEquipmentDrivers root directory run the tox command:

`tox` or `C:\\{path_to_python}\python.exe -m tox`

Currently automated tests are pretty limited but do still check that the package will install and can be imported without errors.
